the most important thing for this
champion that fight is the national drinking
even he said he has had
problems with the wound
I only have problems with drinking
when it's over
already admitted it so let's continue with the
guide
to
without more than saying express with the
skills and the passive chubby
now happy to use the some skill
agregas takes a drink of his great and aunt
beer and restores 4% of his life
this maximum may occur only once
every eight seconds
'harry' 'ron' of grace closed its
berlin whose explosion can be activated or
34 seconds may explode enemies
to those who reach the explosion
will suffer a speed reduction of
movement and if the barrel pass more
time is going to be more damage and dredges the
beer of your tonal for a second
at the end of his drunken state he does
more powerful but what inflicts more
damage is your next basic attack and
decreases the received one that is to say that it is
very useful skill to exchange
hurt
throwing of belly or panzazo beaver
in radios download to a place
determined and hits the first
enemy with who is in few
words grace is thrown towards one and what
lift and understand and magical the
definitive be explosive material
thank you to steal your car nel towards a
place causes harm and knocks down
enemies that you reach with the
exclusion or its stability can be very
useful for preparing an ink or for
position the other team or to attract
a partner in the same studio at your feet
this skill is very useful some is going to
recommend that I give him to add
everything I wanted to vary the new framework of
another maria impression that comes to us very
good time with the cable of the three
power tapes the skill for the
sound 15 years
nine of them in flat armor and nine
away from magical resistance by level
the degraded masters can be
both offensive and defensive we can
take a 921 let's say tiered the
tank oriented to have more endurance
that hurt but if we want to have a great
that has a little more damage and that
Stamina can also go 21-9 but if
we want to go with serious that has full the
damage then we go with 2109 the spells
most recommended to please with flash
and tele for ignition but and not sorry
something seeks to power the most with teleport
because it allows you to help other lines
or even if they are going to knock down a tower
you can teleport and you can
protect yourself with serious is quite easy
start we'll start with a point at
then one in the ep for possible
discards in top 1 in the wy then
maximum then the ball and last the
we raise the r every time we have the
opportunity will be 23 different types of
beats with tiers one to tank ap this
try to put together a few items of
damage and the rest of armor and
magic resistance ap orientates a bit
more to the damage but still be a
tank and the last one that is full apec that
it is oriented to the most damage
but this can only be put together in certain
team compositions at the time of
with a glacial tank and the medium is a
a day so you can have that damage
magic that your team needs
ap tank we will start with ring
golden two life options total of
sentinel the first item that we should
buy the bara of citizenship
depending on our confrontation
then we will see if carmona the ninja
I'm going for the mercury
gauntlet of the son of the ice then by
a spiritual couple because we
power our fatigue
the cooling reduction gives us
magic resistance and gives us life then
we will go by magic penetration that we
is needed in this vile that will be more
late the torment of hunger
and end with a solar layer the
life statistics of this life are of
three thousand nine hundred eighty eight
including the human expertise of 2,217
armor of 203 magical resistance and 165
power of abilities 197 reduction of
25 percent implement including
expertise how can we observe this life
it's pretty oriented to a tank dredger
but it also has a little bit of damage
according to de bilbao has oriented a little
more a year but we will always continue
being a bit much we will start with
dora ring the two positions of
life the sentinel totem the first
item that we should buy is the rod
birds as they are sorcerer's drops
gauntlet the son of the ice center
vital spiritual appearance and clock
sand of sonia
because we're going for your jewelry hourglass
because it gives us 50 of armor and
that ability that we have is very good
we feel invulnerable during a short
time frame
the statistics of these will is that
we have more armor penetration
we have we lose life we have two thousand
846 the big hand intact because the ones in the
2000 are exactly armed
same interests in 2.217
the armor from 201 with masters 21 9
including the runes the resistance
magic from 152 including the ruins
and the masters subjects 21 9 is the
power of skill and increase quite
happened to 331 we have exactly in a
cooling we sacrifice life mission
some armor and magic resistance
but we gain more damage and we endure
decently
with the vine we will do the following ring
great young sentry life function
we go on the day of the book by the
mana regeneration and reduction of
an element with the pair ávila that us
It offers candid drops on a
deadly spilled empty crosier by
the magic hourglass insight of
it was to have a little more
survival and we have against the air
to have more days to be of darwin
we have 2600 including masters 21 9
herd in 1,067 armor 134
magic resistance of 104 power
ability of 599 or 600 products of
25% cooling we sacrifice in
this vile human life armor and
American resistance in exchange for a
April the damage
more damage that seems half in the jungle
I already told you this is for certain
team compositions
remember what I'm saying is a
recommendation and it will not always go that way
you have to go adapting to how it has
past the game it may be that all the
rival team hurries to impute more
armor that magic resistance or what
the opposite can be your resistance
magic more karma web
here what I tried to do is take it to
a balance of both sides we have
both armor and magic resistance
to not be vulnerable in any other
flank
but currently does not have a
very strong competition but those that more
they fight against them is a jack a raid
a bridge with the elderly
confrontations that you can give to a
harrow
thanks is very strong against almost all
the undue doubles that has a high
you have considerable damage has
a damage by hp on the ball and has a
vaccine is not to mention that graces
You can escape very easily from the hookers
so take advantage of tiers
good and that's all the guide of this
week was the mister currently record
I like giving you I like me
would help a lot too that what
Share and all the month please and
Now this father appears, what you see
there is a tiered line of mine so
to see its mechanics just click
good see you